DOCSP-45822 Add convention packs section (#447)
mongodb/docs-csharp: source/fundamentals/serialization.txt

interface enables the driver to access serialization information for individual
items in an array.

.. _csharp-convention-packs:

Convention Packs
----------------

Convention packs allow you to define and apply

> **conventions** to your classes and their members during serialization.

Reviewer: "during serialization"

Technically conventions are applied *before* serialization while auto configuring class maps.

Author: Updated the wording here. It was meant to convey that the conventions you specify are used/followed in the serialization process

> Conventions modify how data is mapped between your

Reviewer 2: S: if you want to keep modify here, consider including modify  from what? the default?

```suggestion
Conventions specify how data is mapped between your
```

{+language+} objects and MongoDB documents without requiring you to decorate
each class with attributes. 

The {+driver-short+} provides built-in convention packs that you can use to
customize the serialization process. The following table describes some of the

> built-in convention packs:

Reviewer: The following are *conventions*, not *convention-packs*.

Convention-packs are sets of conventions that have been bundled to be used together.

Author: Thanks for the clarification. Updated the section to refer to conventions rather than convention packs in most instances

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1

>    :widths: 30 70

Reviewer 2: S: change widths so class names arent cut off

   * - Convention Pack
     - Description

   * - `CamelCaseElementNameConvention <{+new-api-root+}/MongoDB.Bson/MongoDB.Bson.Serialization.Conventions.CamelCaseElementNameConvention.html>`__
     - Converts element names to camel case during serialization and deserialization.
     
   * - `EnumRepresentationConvention <{+new-api-root+}/MongoDB.Bson/MongoDB.Bson.Serialization.Conventions.EnumRepresentationConvention.html>`__
     - Converts enum values to a specified representation during serialization
       and deserialization.
     
   * - `IgnoreExtraElementsConvention <{+new-api-root+}/MongoDB.Bson/MongoDB.Bson.Serialization.Conventions.IgnoreExtraElementsConvention.html>`__
     - Specifies whether to ignore extra elements in a document during deserialization.
     

>    * - `ObjectSerializerAllowedTypesConvention <{+new-api-root+}/MongoDB.Bson/MongoDB.Bson.Serialization.Conventions.ObjectSerializerAllowedTypesConvention.html>`__

Author: This link will be broken until the API docs are released

     - Specifies which types are allowed to be serialized using an object
       serializer.

> For a full list of available convention packs, see the `Conventions

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To view a full list of available convention packs, see the `Conventions
```

<{+new-api-root+}/MongoDB.Bson/MongoDB.Bson.Serialization.Conventions.html>`__

> page in the API Documentation.

Reviewer 2: S: consider calling this a class reference or something instead of a page
